My entire career is going after problems
that are just so hard, bordering,
delusional. To me, AGI will not be
complete without spatial intelligence.
And I want to solve that problem. I just
love being an entrepreneur. Forget about
what you have done in the past. Forget
about what others think of you. Just
hunker down and build. That is my
comfort zone.
[Music]
So, I'm super excited here to have Dr.
Feay Lee. She has such a long career in
AI. I'm sure a lot of you know her,
right? Raise your hand.
I know you too.
Um, she's been she's been uh named the
godmother of AI. One of the first
projects that you created was ImageNet
in 2009, 16 years ago.
Oh my god.
Don't remind me of that. That has over
80,000 citations and it really kicked
off one of the legs of stools for AI
which is the data problem. Tell us about
how that project came about. It was
pretty pioneering work back then.
Yeah. Well, first of all, Diana and Gary
and everybody, thanks for inviting me
here. Um, I'm so excited to be here
because I feel like I'm just one of you.
I'm also a entrepreneur right now. I
just started a small company. So, very
excited to be here. Image then was um
yeah, you're right. We actually
conceived that uh almost 18 years ago.
It's time really flies. Uh, I was a a
first year assistant professor at
Princeton.
Oh, wow. Hi.
Hi, Tigers.
Yeah. And uh and um the world of AI and
machine learning was so different at
that time. There was very little data.
Algorithms at least in computer vision
did not work. There was no industry. You
know, as far as the public was
concerned, the word AI doesn't exist.
But there is a a a still a group of us
starting from the founding fathers of
AI, right? John McCarthy and then we go
through people like Jeff Hinton. I think
we just had a AI dream. We really really
want to make machines to think and to
work. And with that dream I was my own
personal dream was to make machines see
because seeing is such a cornerstone of
intelligence. Visual intelligence is not
just perceiving it's really
understanding the world and do things in
the world. So I was obsessed with the
problem of making machines see and as I
was obsessive obsessively developing
machine learning algorithms at that time
we did try neuronet network but it
didn't work. We pivoted to base net to
support vector machines whatever it was.
But one problem always haunted me and it
was the problem of generalization.
If you're working in machine learning
you have to respect that generalization
is the core mathematical foundation or
or goal of machine learning. And in
order to generalize um these algorithms
needs data. Yet no one had data at that
time in in computer vision and I was the
first generation of grad student who was
starting to dabble into data because I
was the first generation of graduate
student who saw the internet the big
internet of things. So fast forward um
2000 around 2007ish
my student and I decided that we have to
take a bold bet. We have to bet that
there needs to be a paradigm shift in
machine learning and that paradigm shift
has to be led by datadriven methods and
there was no data. So we're like okay
let's go to the internet download a
billion images that's the highest number
we could get on the internet and then
just create the world's the entire
world's uh visual taxonomy and uh we use
that to train and benchmark machine
learning algorithm and that was why
imageet was conceived and uh came to
life and it took a while until there
were algorithms that were promising It
wasn't until 2012 when Alex net came out
and that was the second part of the
equation with getting to AI was getting
the compute and throwing enough at it
and algorithms. Tell us about what was
that moment where you started to see oh
you seated it with data and now people
started the the community started to
figure more things out for AI. Right. So
between 2009 we published this tiny
little CVPR poster. Um um in 2009 to
2012 the Alex that there were three
years that we we really believe that
data will drive AI but we had very
little signal in terms of if that was
working. So we did a couple of things.
One is we open sourced. I we believed
from the get-go we have to open source
this to the entire research community
for everybody to work on this. The other
thing we did is we created a challenge
because we want the whole world's uh
smartest uh students and researchers to
work on this problem. So that was what
we call the image that challenge. So
every year we release a uh uh a testing
data set. Well, the whole image that is
there for training, but we release
testing and then we invite everybody
openly to participate and then the first
couple of years was really setting the
baseline. You know, the the performance
was in the 30% error rate. It wasn't
zero or I mean it wasn't completely
random, but it wasn't that great. But um
the third year 2012 I you know I wrote
this in a book that I published but I
still remember it was um it was around
the end of summer that we were we were
taking all the results of image image
that challenge and running it on our
servers. And I remember it was late
night one day I got a ping from my
graduate student. I was home um and said
we got a result that really really stand
out and you should take a look and we we
we looked into it. It was convolutional
neuronet network something. It wasn't
called Alex that at that time that team
that Jeff Hinton's team was called
supervision. It was a very clever play
of the word super as well as supervised
learning. So supervision and we look at
what supervision did. It was an old
algorithm. Convolutional neuronet
network was published in the 1980s. Um
there was a couple of tweaks in terms of
the algorithm but it was pretty
surprising at the beginning for us to to
see that there was such a step change.
And of course we you know uh we I mean
the rest of the history you all know we
presented this in the image that
challenge workshop in uh that year's
ICCV
Florence Italy and uh Alex Kushvski came
and many people came. I remember young
lak also came and um and now the world
knows this moment as um the image that
challenge Alex that moment um I do want
to say that the the it's not just uh
convolutional neuronet network it was
also the first time that two GPUs were
were put together by Alex and his team
and and were used for the computing of
deep learning. So it was really the
first moment of data GPUs and uh uh
neuronet network coming together. Now
following this trend of the arc of
intelligence for computer vision,
imagenet was really the seat to solve
the concept of object recognition.
Then right after that it started to also
AI got to the point that could solve the
scenes right because you had a lot of
the work with your students like Andrew
Kaparthi being able to describe a
scenes. Tell us about that transition
from objects to a scenes. Yeah. So image
that was solving the problem of you
present you're presented with an image
and then you call out objects. There's a
cat there's a chair and all that. That's
a fundamental problem in visual
recognition. But ever since I was a
graduate student entering the field of
AI, I had a dream. I thought it was a
hundred year 100y year dream which is
storytelling of the world is that when
humans open their eyes, you know,
imagine you just open your eye in this
room. You don't just see person person
chair chair chair. You actually see a um
conference room, you know, with screen,
with stage, with people, with the, you
know, the crowd, the the cameras, you
actually can describe the entire scene.
And that's a human ability that is at
the foundation of uh visual intelligence
and it's so critical for us to use in
terms of our everyday life. So I really
thought that problem will take my entire
life. I I I I literally when I graduated
as a graduate student, I told myself on
my deathbed, if I can create an
algorithm that can tell the story of a
scene, I've succeeded. That was how I
thought my career would be. IC Alex that
moment came um deep learning took off
and then when Andre and then later
Justin Johnson entered my lab we start
to see signals of um natural language
you know and and visions start to to
collide and then Andreas and I proposed
this problem of captioning images or
storytelling
and long story short 2015 around 2015,
Andre's uh uh Andrea and I published a
series of papers that was among the
first with a couple of concurrent papers
of making literally a computer that
captioned an image. It was I I almost
felt like what am I going to do with my
life? That was my lifelong go, you know?
It was such an incredible moment for for
for both of us. Um and and um um you
know last year I gave a TED talk and I
actually used a uh something that Andre
tweeted a couple of years ago around the
time he finished image captioning work.
That was pretty much his dissertation.
I actually joked with him. I said, "Hey,
Andre, why don't we do the reverse? Take
a sentence and generate an image." And
of course he knew I was joking and he
said, "Haha, I'm out of here." The the
world was just not ready. But now fast
forward, now we all know generative AI,
you know, now we can take a sentence and
generate beautiful pictures. So, so this
moral of the story is um AI has seen an
incredible growth and personally I feel
I'm the luckiest person in the world
because my entire career started at the
very beginning of the end of AI winter
the beginning of AI starting to you know
take off and so much part of my own work
my own career is part of this change or
helped with this change. So I feel so
fortunate and lucky and and in a way
proud and I think the wildest thing even
to achieve your lifelong dream of
describing a scenes and even generating
them with diffusion models you're
actually dreaming bigger because the
whole arc of computer vision went from
objects to a scenes and now this concept
of world and you actually decided to
move from academia being a professor to
now being the founder and CEO of World
Labs. Tell us about what world is. It's
even harder than is scenes and objects.
Yeah, it is. It is kind of wild. Um,
so
so of course you all know the past it's
really hard to summarize the past five
or six years. It it for me it's we're
living in such a civilizational moment
of this technologies uh progress, right?
While computer vision as a computer
vision scientist we're seeing this
incredible growth you know from image
that to image captioning to image uh
generation using some of the diffusion
techniques. While this is happening in a
very exciting way, we also have another
extremely exciting thread which is
language which is LLMs which is that
really 2022 November Chad GBT blasted
open the door of truly working
generation models that can basically
pass the touring test and all that. So,
so
that this becomes very inspirational
even for someone as old as me is to
really think audaciously about what's
next.
And um I have a habit as a computer
vision scientist. A lot of my
inspiration actually come from evolution
as well as brain science. I I I find
myself in many moments of my career
where I'm looking for the next north
star problem to solve. I ask the I ask
myself what is what evolution has done
or what brain development has done. And
there's something that's really
important to notice or to to appreciate.
The development of human language in
evolution took about, if you're super
generous, let's just say it took about
300 to 500 million years, less than a
million years. That's the that's the
length of evolution that took to develop
a human language. And pretty much humans
are the only animals that has
sophisticated language. We could argue
about animal language but really
language in its totality in terms of
being a tool of communication,
reasoning, abstraction, it's really
humans. So that took less than even half
a million years. But think about vision.
Think about the capability of
understanding
3D world,
figuring out what to do in this 3D
world,
navigate the 3D world, interact with the
3D world, comprehend the 3D world,
communicate the 3D world. That journey
took evolution 540 million years.
The first trilabitete developed a sense
of vision underwater 540 million years
ago. And since then really vision was
the reason that set off this
evolutionary arms race. Before vision,
animals were simple for for you know the
the half billion years before vision
there's just simple animals. But the
next half billion years 540 million
years because of the capability of
seeing the world understanding the world
evolutionary arms race began and and
animal intelligence just start to to to
to race each other. So for me solving
the problem of spatial intelligence to
understand the 3D world to generate the
3D world to reason about the 3D world to
do things in the 3D world is a
fundamental problem of AI. To me AGI
will not be complete without spatial
intelligence and I want to solve that
problem and uh and that involves
creating world models. World models that
goes beyond flat pixels. world models
that goes beyond language. World model
that truly capture the 3D structure and
the spatial intelligence of the world.
And the luckiest thing in my life is no
matter how old I am, I always get to
work with the best young people. So I um
you know I founded a c company with
three incredible
young but worldclass technologist Justin
Johnson, Ben Mildenhal and Kristoff
Lassner and we are just going to try to
solve in my opinion the hardest problem
um in in AI right now which is
incredible talent. I mean Chris, he was
the creator of Pulsar which was the
initial seed before Gosh and Splats that
do a lot of differentiable rendering.
There's Justin Johnson, your former
student who really has this super system
engineering mind that got real time
neural style transfer. Then you got Ben
who was the author of Nerf paper. So
this is a super crack team and you need
such a crack team because we were
chatting a bit about that that vision is
actually harder than LLM to some extent.
Maybe this is a controversial uh uh uh
say thing to say because LLMs are
basically 1D, right? But you're talking
about understanding a lot of the 3D
structures. Why is this so hard and it's
behind language research? Yeah. No, I
really appreciate that. you you you
empathize how hard our problem is. Yeah.
So, language is fundamentally 1D, right?
Syllabus comes in sequence. I mean, this
is why sequence to sequence, sequence
modeling is so classic. There's
something else that is language that
people don't appreciate. Language is
purely generative.
There's no language in nature. You don't
touch language. You don't see language.
Language literally comes out of
everybody's head and that's a purely
generative signal. Of course, you put it
on a piece of paper, it's there. But but
the generation, the construction, the
utility of language is very very
generative. The world is far more
complex than that. First of all, the
real world is 3D. And if you add time,
it's 4D. But just let's just confine
oursel within space. It's fundamentally
3D. So that by itself is a much more
combinatorily harder problem. Second,
the sensing the the the the the
reception of the visual world is a um is
a projection. Whether it's your eye,
your retina or a camera, it's always
collapsing 3D to 2D.
And you have to appreciate how hard it
is. It's mathematically illposted. So
you have to this is why humans and
animals have multi- sensors. Um and then
you have to solve that problem. And um
and third, the world is not purely
generative. Yes, we could generate
virtual 3D world. It still has to obey
physics and all that. But there is also
a real world out there. You are now
subtly dialing between generation and
reconstruction in a very fluid way. And
the user behavior, the utility, the use
cases are very different. If you dial
all the way to uh generation, we can
talk about gaming and and metaverse and
all that. If you dial all the way to
real world, you're you we're talking
about uh robotics and all that. But all
this is on a continuum of world modeling
and spatial intelligence. So it's a and
of course the elephant in the room is
there's a lot of data on the internet
for language and where is the data for
spatial intelligence you know it's all
in our head of course but it's not as
easily as accessible as language. So
these are the reason it's so hard but
frankly
it excites me because if it's easy
somebody else has solved it and my
entire career is going after problems
that are just so hard bordering
delusional and I think this is the this
is this is the delusional problem. Thank
you for supporting that.
And even thinking about this from first
principles, the human brain has a lot
more in the visual cortex and amount of
neurons that process visual data as
opposed to language. How does that
translate into the model architectures
are very different from LLMs from what
you're kind of finding out, right? Yeah,
that's actually a really good question.
And I mean there's still different
schools of thoughts out there, right?
There is the LLM a lot of what we see in
LLM is really writing the writing
scaling law all the way to happy ending
and you can almost
you can just brute force self
supervision all the way. Um constructive
world model might be a little more
nuanced. The world is more structured.
there might be signals that we need to
use to guide it. You can call it in a
shape of prior, you can call it
supervision in your data, whatever it
is. I think that these are the some of
the open uh questions that we we have to
solve. But but you're you're you're
right and also if you think about human
first of all, we don't have all the
answers even to human perception, right?
How does 3D work in human vision is not
a solved problem. We know mechanically
the two eyes had to triangulate
information but even after that where is
the mathematical model and we're not
that great humans are not that great as
3D animals. So so um there is a lot that
that that is to be to be answered. So we
are definitely at World Lab. I'm just
counting on
really counting on one thing. I'm
counting on we have the smartest people
in in the pixel world to solve this. Is
it fair to say that what you're building
at World Labs is these whole new
foundation models where the output are
3D worlds?
And what are some of the applications
that you're envisioning? because I think
you listed you listed everything from
perception to generation. So there's
this always this uh tension between uh
generative models and discriminate
models. So where where what we what
these 3D worlds do? Yeah. So I'm not
going to be able to talk too much about
the details of world labs per se, but in
terms of spatial intelligence, that's
what it also excites me. Just like like
language, the use case is so huge from
creation which you can think about um
designers, architects, industrial uh
industrial designers as well as just
artists, 3D artists, gave game
developers from creation all the way to
robotics, robotic learning,
the the utility of spatial intelligence
model or world models is really really
big. So um and then there are many um
many
related industries from marketing to
entertainment to even metaverse. I'm
actually really really excited by
metaverse. I know so many people are
kind of still like uh it's still not
working. I know it's still not working.
That's why I'm excited because I think
the convergence of hardware and software
will be coming. So that's that's also
another great use case down the road.
I'm personally very excited that you're
solving metaverse. I gave it a try in my
previous company. So I'm so excited that
you're doing that now. Yeah. Well, I I
think I think there's more signal. I
mean, I do think hardware is part of the
part of the hurdle, but you know, you
need content creation and metaverse
content creation needs world models.
Let's switch gears a little bit. So
maybe to some of the audience they might
find your transition from going from
academia to now being a founder CEO to
be sudden but you actually have the
remarkable journey through your whole
life. This is not your first time you
gone zero to one. You were telling me
about how you immigrated to the US and
you didn't speak any English in your
teens and you even ran a laundromat for
a good number of years. Tell us about
how all those skills shaped who you are
now.
Right. I'm sure you guys are here trying
to listen to how to start a laundry mat.
Um
yeah, that was when you were 19, right?
Yeah, I was 19 and that was out of
desperation. So, um I I had no means of
supporting my family, my parents, and I
need to go to college to be a physics
major at Princeton. So I started a dry
cleaning shop and in Silicon Valley
language I fundraised. I I was the
founder CEO. I I was also the cashier
and all the other things and I exited.
So after seven years
[Music]
all right you guys are very kind. I've
never got claps for my laundry mat but
thank you. So, but anyway, I think
Diana's point, especially to all of you,
I look at you. I'm so excited for you
because you're like literally half my
age or even even, you know, maybe 30% of
my age and you're so talented. Just do
it. Don't be afraid. You know all my
entire career of course I did laundry
mat but uh even as a professor I chose
couple of times I chose to go to
departments where I was the first
computer vision professor and I that was
against a lot of advice you know as a
young professor you should go to a place
where there's a community and senior
mentors of course I would love to have
senior mentors but if they're not there
I still have to blaze my trailblaze my
way right So I wasn't afraid of that.
And then I did go to Google to learn a
lot about business in Google cloud and
and B2B and and all those. And then I
started a startup within Stanford
because around 2018 AI was not only
taking over the industry a AI became a
human a human problem. Humanity will
always advance our technology but we
cannot lose our humanity. And I really
care about creating a beacon of light in
the in the progress of AI and try to
imagine how AI can be human- centered,
how we can create AI to help humanity.
So I went back to Stanford and created
human center AI institute and ran that
as a startup for for five years. um
probably some people were not too happy
I ran it as a startup for five years at
in in a university but I was very proud
of that. So in a way um I think I just
love being an entrepreneur. I love the
feeling of ground zero like standing on
ground zero. Forget about what you have
done in the past. Forget about what
others think of you. just hunker down
and build. That is my comfort zone and I
just love that. The other really cool
thing about you, another in on top of
all the awesome things you've done, you
advise a lot of legendary researchers
like Andre Kaparthy, Jim Fan who's at
Nvidia, Jad Deng who's your uh co-author
for ImageNet, they all went on to have
these incredible careers. what really
stood out about them when they were
students like advice for the audience
that you could tell ah this person is
gonna change the field of AI and you
could tell so first of all I'm the lucky
one I I don't I I think I owe more to my
students than the other way around they
they really make me a better person
better teacher better researcher and
having worked with so many like you said
legendary students um is is really the
the the the the the
honor of my life. So, they're very very
different. Some of them are just pure
scientists trying to hunker down and
solve a scientific problem. Some of them
are industrial leaders. Some of them are
are, you know, the the greatest, you
know, disseminator of uh AI knowledge.
But I think there is one thing that
unifies them and I would encourage every
single one of them of you to think about
this. I also for those founders who are
hiring this is also my hiring criteria
is I look for intellectual fearlessness.
I think it doesn't matter what where you
come from. It doesn't matter what
problem we're trying to solve. That
courage, that fearlessness of embracing
something hard and go about it and and
and be all in and trying to solve that
in however way you you want is really a
a core characteristic of people who
succeed. I learned this from them and I
really look for young people who have
that and then that as a CEO at World
Labs in my hiring I look for that
quality. So you're hiring a lot for
World Labs too. So you're looking for
that same trait, right? Yes. Um I get
permission from Diana to say that we're
hiring. So um yes. So we are hiring a
lot. We are hiring engineering talents.
We're hiring product talents. We're
hiring 3D talents. We're hiring
generative uh model um uh talents. So,
so I if you feel you're fearless and
you're passionate about solving spatial
intelligence, talk to me or come to our
website. Cool. We're going to open it up
for questions for the
next 10 minutes. Hi Fay, thank you for
your talk. I'm a big big big fan and um
yeah so my question is more than two
decades ago you worked on visual
recognition I am I want to start my PhD
what should I work on so I become a
legend like you are I want to give you a
thoughtful answer because I can always
say do whatever excites you so first of
all I think AI research has changed
because um because academia if you're
starting a PhD you you are in academia.
Academia no longer has most of the AI
resources. It's very different from my
time, right? The chip uh the compute and
the data are are are kind of are are
really low in in terms of resourcing
academia and then there are problems
that industry can run a lot faster. So
as a PhD student, I would recommend you
to look for those north stars that are
not on a collision course of problems
that industry can solve better using
better compute, better data and and team
science. But there are some really
fundamental problems that we can still
identify in in academia that it doesn't
matter how many chips you have, you can
make a lot of progress, you know. Um
first of all, interdisiplinary AI to me
is a really really exciting area in
academia, especially for scientific
discovery. There's just so many
disciplines that can cross AI. I think
that's a big area uh that one could go
to. On the theoretical side, I find it
fascinating that the AI capability has a
100% outrun theory. We don't know how,
you know, we don't have explanability.
We don't know how to figure out the
causality. There there's just so much in
u in the the the models we don't
understand that one could push forward.
And um you know the list can go on in
computer vision there's still
representational problems we haven't
solved and also you know um um small
data that's another really interesting
um domain and so yeah these are the
possibilities.
Thank you so much Fi. Thank you
professor Lee and congratulation again
on your honorary doctorate from Yale. I
was honored there to witness that moment
one months ago and my question is in uh
in your perspective will AGI emerge more
likely as a unified uh single unified
model or as a multi- aent system. The
way you ask this question is already two
kind of definition. One definition is
more theoretical which is define AGI as
if there is a IQ test that one passes
that defines AGI. The other part of your
the other half of your question is much
more utilitarian. Is it functional? If
it's agentbased, what tasks can it do? I
struggle with this definition of AGI to
be honest. Here's why. the founding
fathers of AI who came together in 1956
in Dartmouth you know the John McCarthy
and Marvin Mins Minsky of them they
wanted to solve the problem of machines
that can think and that's a problem that
touring Alan Touring also put forward a
few years earlier 10 years or whatever
earlier than them and
and that statement is not a narrow it's
not a narrow AI. It's a it it it's a
statement of intelligence. So I don't
really know how to differentiate that
that founding question of AI versus this
new word AGI. To me they're the same
thing. But I get it that the industry
today like to call AGI as if that's
beyond AI. And I struggle with that
because I feel there I don't know what
exactly is AGI different from AI. If we
say today's AGIish system performs
better than the narrower AI system in '
80s, '7s, 90s or whatever, I think
that's right. That that's just the
progression of the field. But
fundamentally, I think the the science
of AI is the science of intelligence is
to create machines that can think and do
things as intelligently or even more
intelligently as humans. So I don't know
how to define AGI. So I don't know
without defining it I don't know if it's
monolithic. If you look at the brain
it's one thing you know you can call it
monolithic but it does have different
functionalities and you can even there's
broco area for language. There's cort
visual cortex there's motor cortex. So
so I don't really know how to answer
that question. Hi um my name is Yashna
and I just want to say thank you. I
think it's really inspiring to see a
woman playing a leading role in this
field
and um as a researcher educator and
entrepreneur I wanted to ask what type
of person do you think should pursue
graduate school in this rapid rise of
AI?
That's a great question and that's a
question even parents ask me. I really
think graduate school is the four or
five years where you have burning
curiosity.
You're led by curiosity and that
curiosity is so strong that there's no
better other place to do it. It's
different from a startup because startup
is not just it you have to be a little
careful. Startup cannot be just led by
curiosity. Your investors will be mad at
you. Um it's a startup has a more
focused commercial goal and some part of
it is curiosity but it's not just
curiosity. Whereas for grass group that
curiosity to solve problem or to ask the
right questions
is so important that I think those going
in with that intense curiosity would
would really enjoy the four or five
years even if the outside world is
passing by at the speed of light you'll
still be happy because you're there
following that curiosity. I first I
wanted to say thank you for your time to
thank you for coming out to speak to us.
You mentioned that open sourcing was a
big part of the growth from imageet and
now with the recent release and growth
of large language models we've seen
organizations taking different
approaches with open source which with
some organizations staying fully closed
source some organizations fully
releasing their entire research stack
some being somewhere in the middle open
sourcing weights or having restrictive
licenses and things of that nature. So I
wanted to ask what do you think of these
different approaches to open source and
what do you believe the right way to go
about open source as an AI company is? I
think the ecosystem is healthy when
there are different approaches. I'm not
religious in terms of you must open
source or you must close source. It
depends on the company's uh uh business
strategy. And uh for example, it's clear
why Facebook uh Meta wants to open
source, right? They they um they are
right now their business model is not
selling the selling the the model yet.
They they're using it to grow the
ecosystem so that people come to their
platform. So open source makes a lot of
sense. Whereas another company that is
really monetizing on on the even
monetizing you can think about an open
source tier and a closed source tier. So
I'm pretty I'm pretty open to that
category or or a meta level is I think
open source is should be protected. I I
think if there is efforts of open source
both in public sector as like academia
as well as uh private sector is so
important. It's it's so important for
the entrepreneurial ecosystem. It's so
important for public sector that I think
that should be tech uh protected. It
should shouldn't be uh penalized. Hi, my
name is Carl. I flew in from Estonia. I
have a question about data. So you
called very well the shift in machine
learning towards datadriven methods with
imageet. Now that you're working on
world models uh and you mentioned that
we don't have this spatial data on the
internet, it exists only in our heads.
How are you solving this problem? What
are you betting on? Are you collecting
this data from the real world? Are you
doing synthetic data? Do you believe in
that or do you believe in good uh old
priors? Thanks. You should join World
Labs and I'll tell you. Oh, it's a good
one. Um look um as a company I'm not
going to be able to share a lot but I
think it's important to acknowledge that
um we we're taking a hybrid approach. It
is really important to have a lot of
data but also have a lot of quality data
data at at the end of the day there is
still garbage in garbage out if you're
not careful with the quality of data.
So, we'll do one last question. Um, hi
Dr. Lee. Um, my name is Annie and thank
you very much for speaking with us. Um,
so in your book, The World I See, you
talk the challenges you face as a
immigrant girl and woman in STEM. Um,
I'm curious to know if there's a time
that you feel the moment of being a
minority in the workplace and um, if so,
how did you manage to overcome this or
persuade others? Thank you for that
question. I want to be very very careful
or thoughtful in answering you because
we all come from different background
and how each of us feel is is is very
unique. You know it it almost doesn't
even matter what are the big categories.
All of us have moments that we feel were
the minority or the only person in the
room. So of course I felt that way.
Sometimes it's based on who I am.
Sometimes it's based on my idea.
Sometimes it's just based on I don't
know the the the color of my shirt,
whatever that is. Um I have But this is
where I do want to encourage everybody.
Maybe it is because since I was young
coming to this country, I kind of have
experienced it is what it is. I am an
immigrant woman. I almost developed a
capability to not overindex on that. I'm
here just like every one of you. I'm
here to learn or to do things or to
create things. I thank you.
That was a great answer.
And I really all of you, you're about to
embark on something or in the middle of
embarking something and you're going to
have moments of weakness or or
strangeness or or I feel this every day,
especially startup life. Sometimes I'm
like, "Oh my god, I don't know what I'm
doing." Just focus on doing it. Gradient
desend yourself to the optimized
solution. Yeah. All right. That's a
great way to ending. Thank you, Dr. Lee.